---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Firefly III!"
date:   2016-01-09 09:23:50
---

"Firefly III" is a financial manager. It can help you keep track of expenses, income, budgets and everything in between. It even supports credit cards, shared 
household accounts and savings accounts! It's pretty fancy. You should use it to save and organise money.
 
Firefly works on the principle that if you know where you're money is going, you can stop it from going there.

You can **[download Firefly III from Github](https://github.com/JC5/firefly-iii)**. [The installation guide](installation-guide/) has all the details you need.

Of course, to get to know Firefly III first, and to see if it fits you, please check out these resources:

- The [screenshots](screenshots/) so you can see what it looks like;
- The [feature list](features/) so you know what it does;
- The [full description](description/), which will tell you how Firefly works, and the philosophy behind it.

### Then what?

If you think you will like Firefly III, you should check out these resources:

- You can try Firefly III for one month, for free, [on my personal website](try-firefly-iii/).

If you decide you want to run Firefly III yourself (this is the mandatory next step), you should check out these resources:

- [The system requirements](system-requirements/);
- [The installation guide](installation-guide/);
- [The upgrade guide](upgrade-guide/) (if you are already running it);
- [Some important must-reads](must-reads/) that did not fit on this page

### Finally...

If you do not like Firefly, or it's broken or it does not work, please send me [an email](mailto:thegrumpydictator@gmail.com) or [open an issue on Github](https://github.com/JC5/firefly-iii/issues/new). I will be happy to help.

If you like Firefly and if it helps you save lots of money, why not send me [a dime for every dollar saved](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=2ZMV952UUSCLU&lc=NL&item_name=Development%20of%20Firefly&currency_code=EUR&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_SM%2egif%3aNonHosted). <small>This is a joke, although the Paypal form works just fine, try it!</small>